before_exec actually will only get deprecated with 1.37 (#62248)
rust-lang/rust: RELEASES.md

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

> - [`Command::before_exec` is being replaced by the unsafe method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Command::before_exec` was replaced by the unsafe method
```

Replacement is not an ongoing process.

Author: Well in some sense it is, it goes on throughout the ecosystem during the future-deprecation period and beyond... but whatever, fine for me.^^

However, this would be the only use of past tense (comparing with other nearby items), that seems off then?

Reviewer: It's probably fine as-is then :)
